[Music]
r the end rebor has done an irl okay on
the beach Look what a piece of seaweed
you and it has fallen into the water no no but it has
put water in there eh No no no no no it does not reach into the
water that
water does not reach that water there recover there recover
there recover this Stream is
legendary you what I do not know where it is where it is Where is
here we have
again rebol look rebol it starts talking in
Ah being in France sub for France of
course Hello How are you doing
good
Twitch where
are you from Ah but you ch bar But in French it
is Fran Fran
here to Twitch where I am from
another country eh I am not Spanish eh From where where from
a country where where I
say the north north north north where is
rebón look at me Javi I will tell you what you
need so that they donate pamb
coins the first step is to mount the mini
man I am going to give it to my father so that he can
mount it for me Ah Where is it from is a secret I
mean he is not Spanish Ah I did not know papus
he is not Spanish well ask me
why I say this  I'm from Mar why do you
love me no because I never tell them
Where I'm from [ __ ] all that art what
art I didn't know I thought he was Spanish
I thought he was Spanish and he's from
Norway like Rubius is from Holland or
Norway well we don't know it's that of course I
mean I understand that he's been in Spain his
whole life Not Croatian yeah over there you
're telling me a bit of everything it's obvious he
's not Spanish well I don't know that the
truth is I'm really bad at those things
eh Javi it's not fair You promised to
put together the mini with your people a little bit yeah
but we never have time let's see
we're always se and we have to give it our all
life
Ugh no my cigarettes do
n't touch my dick you don't have to
smoke No dude it's not that I don't smoke I can't
believe it he took my cigarettes you don't
have to smoke I was going to have
a cigarette here
chilling he'll be an
[ __ ] he has to
smoke he'll be an
[ __ ] he's not supposed to smoke of course he
took the lighter it's that lighter
Why do you want it if you don't have to
smoke [ __ ] [ __ ] [ __ ]  that I
'm out there reading you eh rebor on the
beach how are we very well rebor
everything good or what everything
correct it seems strange to me to do it directly
on the street eh it is Let's see it's that it's a
little strange the way things are I do it
eh I do it from time to time I always record
a video for you Ah look what I have
open here from before when we have treated
Look we already had a cameo we
already had a change in the new sálvame we already had a
change in the new sálvame guys
we have 5000 more followers today on
YouTube but you keep quiet so that
more people go I want to
thank all the people who work on
YouTube in Spain very well to all the
people yes to all those who have given us
green with sálvame and now however They
are loving us well I'm going to sauce
the lollipop Enrique all to all those
that the matamoro As feels it's true I hadn't
realized they told me
before it's true it's true they
told me before that the matamor feels host
I will have them up to the [ __ ] eh What do you say
Pedro I started to see you  when I was in
college and now I see you from my
own house and what does Pedro want and what does
Pedro want why did we have to know
that information tell us a kiss a kiss
handsome Thank you very much the lollipop
XD man clar You what there is no
greeting is for the salsería
evidently for the salsería no greeting
or anything not two kisses or anything Javi you
interviewed Coto matamoro never
tell him Ah It's true No well he
will have seen that for sure no let's see but it's that
matamoro was also in telesalseo eh
I don't know if he knows the name of the Channel
as such But I imagine that he would take a
look Not because he came with Marina don't
you remember he was on the phone one night
now they are seeing that good
that we are not that bad to get here
Well seen don't get so high
if some guy shows up say what the [ __ ] let's
see It's not that here this channel
mentions it I go and these people each
mention their own thing that
these notes this all heavy big
here people are not ashamed I am
going to report you that he had reported
Look  this you're going to go crazy Look
sab is beach beach beach eh I think I'm
going to jump in the sea to see if
my suffering ends eh yv say hi if you're
here espo
wait can you turn the
camera around this or not
people I imagine that yes not
live Ah
yes How beautiful Where is that
dude where
is Someone know
chat where are you the thing about going recording
on the street dude going Streaming
on the street is that suddenly you record
imagine a family you don't record a
family that doesn't want to go out No I don't know
and here comes the gossip look I could
make jokes well first we see the clip
okay And now we read the tw he takes out the gun and
my
surroundings are being heard There the rebor
with the Moroccans No of course Yes yes you can
hear the rebor with the Moroccans I was going
to tell you damn how Moroccan are there on that
beach no that it's close to Morocco that
beach no no but of course it's what it was like
before it's what it was like before take out the gun and send
surroundings host you can hear
remor
suc it's the moment
flee take out but of all  way to see
look what could be my jokes but how
sad it seemed to me that they have to
hide from each other the first
couple I see in an irl that have to
go separately for fear of harassment they
receive a hug for gata and rebor
but if it is confirmed No if this
topic is confirmed no Of course but
apart from this topic because why If it
is already yes it is already confirmed and they
themselves have not also confirmed it as
such without getting into the subject not good
life Oh
[Music]